[IMP] Manufacturing: Shop Floor prioritization (#10786)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/dhl_credentials.rst

> Getting SiteID and password for countries other than United States (UK and Rest of the world)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get SiteID and password for countries other than United States (UK and Rest of the world)
```
avoid using "-ing" words as header titles

=============================================================================================

> You should contact DHL account manager and request integration for XML Express API. The presales
> should provide you live credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact DHL account manager, and request integration for XML Express API. The presales
should provide live credentials.
```
remove use of the word "you"

> Getting SiteID and Password for  United States

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get SiteID and Password for United States
```

==============================================

> You need to write to xmlrequests@dhl.com along with your full Account details like account number,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write to xmlrequests@dhl.com, along with the full account details, like the account number,
```

region, address, etc. to get API Access.

``P - DHL Express Worldwide``

``"ship": {"ShipmentDetails": {"Contents": "Guns and roses"}}``

``"ship": {"ShipmentDetails": {"Contents": "Guns and roses"}, "SpecialService":

> {"SpecialServiceType": "WY"}}``

Reviewer: Think this top portion might've been added to this PR by accident. May want to consider removing to avoid any issues. Thanks!
